Story Recapped here.
Today I'm going to explain a post-apocalyptic
drama film called "The Road."
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care.
A mysterious cataclysmic event has killed
off almost all of the animals and crops on
earth.
Most of the structures of civilization have
collapsed, and people have now resorted to
extreme measures to survive.
A man and his young son, whose names are unknown,
must make their way through the crumbling
cities to scavenge for food and supplies while
avoiding cannibalistic gangs.
While traveling through desolate roads, the
Man recalls how the catastrophe affected the
world and its remaining population.
When the disaster struck, the clocks stopped
at 1:17 and there was a flash of bright light
followed by mild quakes.
He seemed to have given up on keeping track
of the dates, and he can only guess that it's
already October.
The Man surmises that all the trees will soon
fall as the world gets darker and colder.
He has observed that most people on the roads
are refugees carrying their carts and armed
gangs scavenging for food and fuel.
He remembers that in just a year after the
cataclysm, wildfires occurred followed by
deranged chanting.
Some of the people have now turned to cannibalism.
Apart from hunger, cannibalism has become
one of his worst fears.
He tells his son stories of courage and justice
to help him stay alive.
As they search for supplies on an abandoned
farm, the Boy sees some hanged corpses.
The father explained to him those were the
remains of people who had taken their own
life.
The Man later shows his Boy a revolver loaded
with two bullets.
He tells the Boy that those two bullets are
for both of them.
He then demonstrates to the Boy how to use
the gun on himself.
In a flashback, the Man's Wife relaxes by
the piano while preparing something to eat.
After taking a few bites, she was suddenly
startled when she sees her water breaking.
She hesitates to give birth, believing that
the child would only suffer due to the world’s
dangerous conditions.
Her husband ignores her objections and tells
her to keep pushing until she starts giving
birth.
She screams as she pushes the infant out of
her womb.
While resting in a car, the Man was suddenly
jolted awake by the sound of engines approaching.
The Man and the Boy quickly hide in the woods
as a gang of armed men arrives, but they were
soon discovered by a gang member taking a
leak nearby.
The Man threatens to shoot the gang member
if he calls out for his friends.
However, a sudden noise from a truck distracts
the Man, allowing the gang member to grab
the child.
The Man shoots the gang member in the head,
carries away his unconscious son and hides
deep into the woods until the following day.
When they went back for their belongings,
the Man noticed what appears to vital organs
and the severed head of the gang member that
he killed.
In another flashback, the Wife points out
to the Man that they only have two bullets
left.
She regrets that she had not taken her own
life when they had more ammunition.
She fears that the cannibalistic gangs will
eventually catch them and abuse them before
they get killed and eaten.
The Wife tells the Man that she should stop
listening to him and just go ahead and shoot
herself.
The Man pleads with his Wife to stop thinking
about giving up, but she doesn't want to keep
living just to survive.
The Wife stressed that she wants to take their
son with her, noting that other families have
done the same.
She walks away from the Man and proceeds to
give the Boy a bath.
As the Man and the Boy get back on the road,
he advises his son to steer clear of bad guys.
He warns the Boy that there are not many good
guys left.
The father tells his son to keep carrying
the fire with him and assures him that they
are still the good guys despite what happened
with the gang member.
During a rest stop, the Boy tells his father
that he wishes he's still with his mother.
The father then asks the Boy whether he wishes
that he was also dead.
When the Boy said yes, he told him that they
should both stop thinking about his mother.
While the Boy slept, the Man went to a bridge
to throw away his wallet containing a picture
of his wife.
While attempting to get rid of his wedding
ring, the Man recalls how he begged his Wife
to stay with him.
Despite his pleas, The Wife was determined
to leave and even refused to say goodbye to
their son.
She just asked the Man to keep the Boy warm
and head south.
She walks out of the house, leaving her husband
and child behind.
The Man recalls that his Wife died in the
darkness.
The Man and the Boy started heading south
to find a more suitable place to live.
They come across a large house on the way,
so they decide to check it out after seeing
that it's empty.
While investigating the kitchen, the Man sees
a padlocked door on the kitchen floor.
He goes out to find an axe and uses it to
break the lock.
They both go down to the cellar to find starving
and mutilated people begging them for help.
When they start running away, a man goes after
them.
They manage to get back upstairs and block
the door with a table.
As soon as they try to leave the house, they
see the occupants arriving.
They hide in the bathroom while the residents
enter the house.
The father urges his son to take the gun,
but the Boy refuses.
When he hears one of the occupants approaching,
he points the gun to his son's head to keep
the boy from ending up like the people in
the cellar.
All of a sudden, the occupants hear loud banging
sounds coming from the kitchen floor.
As the occupants ran to investigate, the father
and son make their escape through the window.
They hide from the occupants until it gets
dark.
As the Boy slept, the Man hears screams coming
from the place.
He tries to cover up the Boy’s ears to keep
him from hearing the horrible sounds.
When he stops hearing any noise, he wakes
the Boy up and they quickly leave.
The father and son make another stop to eat
the remaining piece of food they have left.
After eating the last bug, the Boy asks assurance
from his father that they’d never eat a
human being no matter how hungry they are.
The Man points out that they’re already
starving at the moment, and they still wouldn’t
eat anybody.
Feeling satisfied by his father’s response,
the Boy affirms that they’re the good guys
because they’re carrying the fire.
The two get back on the road and stop by the
house where the Man grew up.
He recalls the Christmas holidays he spent
in the house, but the Boy discourages him
from reliving those moments in his head.
While waiting outside the house, the Boy sees
another boy in a building across the street.
The other child runs away as soon as the Boy
sees him.
The Boy runs after the child, but the Man
stops him.
They continue their journey with the Boy,
disappointed that he didn't get to see the
other child.
The Man tries to console his son, noting that
the Boy wants to see other children when they
arrive at the coast.
He told the boy that he once had friends of
his own, but they are all gone.
The pair had begun to starve after running
out of food.
The Boy asks his father if they’ll die all
of a sudden.
The Man explains that it will take a while
before they die of starvation.
The Man feels that he is slowly dying, so
he tries his best to prepare his son to survive
on his own.
While resting at an empty house, the Man finds
a piano.
As he removes the cover, he starts to cry
as he remembers how his Wife played the instrument.
He plays a few notes and tells the Boy that
his mother played the piano very well.
The child says he doesn’t remember it at
all.
The father and son decide to leave after finding
nothing else inside.
However, fortune had struck when the Man discovers
a hatch while walking through the backyard.
When they went down to investigate, they saw
that the bunker is filled with food that could
keep them well fed for years.
They stay in the bunker and make it their
home, but they were soon forced to leave it
after hearing strange noises above.
The Boy thought the noise came from a dog.
The Man concludes that the bunker will soon
be discovered and it will no longer be safe
for them.
They loaded whatever they can into a cart
and continued heading south.
As they make their way to the coast, they
see an older man walking ahead of them.
Realizing that the older man poses no threat,
the Boy asks the Man to give him some food.
The Boy hands him a can of food and watches
him eat.
The father insisted that the older man cannot
come with them, but he invited the older man
for dinner.
The older man reveals that his name is Ely
as they continue their journey.
After having dinner, Ely and the Man started
talking about the Boy. Ely thought that he
had seen an angel when he first laid eyes
on the child.
He reveals that he once had a child of his
own and never thought he'd ever see a child
again.
When the Man asks Ely what happened to his
own son, the older man refused to talk about
it.
Later on, Ely explained to the Man that he
always expected a catastrophe to happen.
He had seen the warning signs, but he contended
that there was nothing he could do to prepare
for it.
When the Man asked if he ever wanted to die,
Ely said that dying is a luxury that he could
no longer afford to ask for in these dangerous
times.
The next day, the Boy is still trying to convince
the father to help Ely as they go their separate
ways.
The Man insists that they’ve done enough
for him and suggested that the Boy would have
more time to think about their own situation
when they run out of food.
The Boy reminded his father of his advice
to watch out for bad guys, then points out
that Ely clearly wasn’t bad.
The two decide to stash away their cart in
the woods to check out some huts nearby.
As they come close to the houses, the Man
sees a collection of skulls on the ground.
When they turn back, they witness a woman
and a child being chased by a group of cannibals.
The woman drops to the ground and gets caught.
They hear the woman scream as they run deep
into the woods to escape from the gang.
A strong earthquake occurs as they run through
the forest, causing some large trees to fall.
They take cover behind one of the fallen trees
to avoid being hit by the others.
The Man's health has been slowly deteriorating,
but they keep moving towards the coast despite
his condition.
They soon arrive at the beach, but the Boy's
excitement quickly turned into disappointment
when they see its shores' filthy condition.
The Man sees a shipwreck close to the beach,
so he swims toward it, hoping to find some
supplies.
He leaves his son to look out for their things,
but the Boy soon falls asleep.
As the Boy slept, a man with a knife walks
towards their tent.
The Boy wakes up to find that all their belongings
are gone.
The Man gets back to the shore with a flare
gun he took from the shipwreck.
The Man quickly chases after the thief, carrying
and dragging the Boy along with him.
When they catch up to the thief, the Man threatens
to shoot him.
The thief refuses to give back the cart, but
he quickly changes his mind after hearing
the Boy begging his father not to kill him.
The Man asks the thief to throw his clothes
and shoes on the cart and leaves him naked
on the road.
On their way back to the beach, the Boy convinces
his father to go back and help the thief.
When they get back, the thief is gone, so
they leave his clothes and a can of food on
the ground.
The father and son continue on their journey,
and they soon arrive at a ravaged street.
The Boy sees a can with a bug inside and becomes
fascinated with it.
He shows it to his father just before the
bug flies away.
As they watch the bug fly, an arrow shoots
past them.
They quickly take cover, but the Man gets
hit in the leg.
Before the archer shot another arrow at them,
the Man shoots a flare gun through the window
where the projectile came from.
The Man staggers to get inside the building
to see who shot the arrows.
When he opened the room, he finds a woman
weeping over a man hit by his flare gun.
The Man asks the woman why they were following
him, but the woman insisted that the Man and
his son were the ones who were following them.
The Man leaves the woman and tends to his
wounds before they continue heading south.
As the Man's health continue to deteriorate,
he decides to leave their belongings behind
and set up camp on the beach.
In his sleep, the Man dreams about being with
his wife.
When he realizes that he will die soon, he
tells his son to continue going south on his
own.
The Man advises his son to always keep the
gun with him and never let anyone take it
from him.
The son tells his father that he wants to
go with him, but the Man insisted that he
must keep living and find the good guys.
After covering his father with the blanket,
the Boy takes the gun and puts it in his pocket.
He walks along the shore and sees a stranger
approaching him.
He takes out the gun and points it toward
the stranger as the man gets closer.
The stranger asks the Boy about his father
and tells the child to come with him.
He convinces the Boy to put the pistol down
and explains the choices that he has to make.
The stranger tells the Boy that he can either
join him or stay on the beach with his father.
He tells the Boy to stay off the road if he
decides to go on his own.
The Boy asks for assurance that the stranger
is "one of the good guys," but the man says
he can only take a chance.
The stranger further reveals that he has two
children with him - a boy and a girl.
He assures the Boy that he doesn't eat people.
The Boy asks the stranger if he is carrying
the fire.
The stranger didn’t know how to reply, but
he eventually said yes when the Boy pressed
him for a response.
After being convinced by how the stranger
answered his questions, the Boy asked if he
can go with him.
He says one last goodbye to his father and
walks toward the stranger, who is now joined
by a woman and two children.
The woman explained that they have been following
him and his father for a while.
She says that she has been worried about him
but they no longer have to worry about anything
now that they're together.
The Boy takes a look at the other children
and notices a dog with them.
Feeling reassured that he is in good hands,
the Boy agrees to join them.